README.md, before:

![Multi Device Image](#)

# Frankie's Kitchen

# Table of Content

1. [Aim of the site](#Aim)
2. [UX](#UX)
3. [Wireframes](#Wireframes) 
    * [Desktop](#Desktop)
	* [Tablet](#Tablet)
	* [Mobile](#Mobile)
4. [Client Stories](#Client)
5. [Features](#Features)
6. [Future Goals](#Future)
7. [Technology Used](#Technology)
8. [Testing](#Testing)
	* [Issues and resolutions](#Issues)
9. [Deployment](#Deployment)
10. [Credits](#Credits)
11. [Content](#Content)
12. [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)
13. [Disclaimer](#Disclaimer)

---

## 1. Aim of the site <a name="Aim"></a>

Frankie's Recipe is a website to create an online cookbook dedicated to chef to find recipes where they can find, create, nodify and delete them, so they can be share with other chefs.

The website owner goals are to help the chef with recipes using a specific brand of a product, so the onwer can promote his/her products.

With the intuitive navigation buttons and navigation bar the users can search the the database and even expand it with their own recipes.

---

## 2. UX <a name="UX"></a>

* This is a website where the user can store and easyly access cooking recipes. The recipes will have fields such as description, ingredients, preparation method, cooking time and portions.

* The user can create new recipes, change any of the fields or even delete the recipe.

* The users can locate a recipe by searching from a specific field and get the result.

* The website will provide a visually appealing manner.

To achive this the website will have the following criteria:

1. The creation of a web application that allows users to store and easily access cooking recipes. Recipes would have the following fields : name, description, ingredients, portions, cooking time and preparation method.

2. The creation of the back-end code and front-end forms to allow users to add new recipes to the site, edit them and delete them.
3. The creation of the back-end and front-end functionality for users to lacate recipes based on the recipe's field.
4. To provide results in a manner that is visually appealling and user friendly.


## 4. Wireframes Mockups: <a name="Wireframes"></a>

### Desktop <a name="Desktop"></a>
![Desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/desktop_home.png)

<br>

### Tablet <a name="Tablet"></a>
![Tablet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/mobile_ipad.png)
<br>

### Mobile <a name="Mobile"></a>
![Mobile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/mobile_home.png)
---
<a name="Client"></a>
## Client Stories

"A client want to find recipes using a specific ingredient."

"A client after trying a recipe from the site has decided to update the recipe method."

"A client wanted to add his/her own recipe to the online cookbook."

"A client after found a recipe decided the recipe no longer is usefull and permanent delete it from the online cookbook"

---
<a name="Features"></a>
## Features:

### - An user wants to find a recipe:
![Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/desktop_search_result.png)

![Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/recipe.png)

### - An user wants to create their own recipe:
![Create](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/create.png)

### - An user wants to either edit a recipe:
![Edit_icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/edit_icon.png)

![Edit](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/edit.png)

Or Delete the recipe:

![Delete](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/delete.png)


<a name="Future"></a>
## Future Goals

A nice future feature to create is the selection of the ingredients of a recipe and added to a basket for shopping.

---
<a name="Technology"></a>
## Technology Used

* 
* 
* 
* 

---
<a name="Testing"></a>
## Testing
<a name="Issues"></a>
### Issues and resolutions

* Trying to use Materialize features casused a conflict with Bootstrap which result in the removal of Materialize.
* 
---
<a name="Deployment"></a>
## Deployment

---
<a name="Credits"></a>
## Credits
<a name="Content"></a>
### Content
* Images from Unsplash: 
    * Ryan Concepcion

<a name="Acknowledgements"></a>
### Acknowledgements
* I would like to thank Rohit Sharma (my mentor) for his invaluable feed back, help and advice.

<a name="Disclaimer"></a>
## Disclaimer
Please note the content and images on this website are for educational purposes only.

Commit message:

Change card font color to match ratio 4.55

README.md, after:

![Multi Device Image](#)

# Frankie's Kitchen

# Table of Content

1. [Aim of the site](#Aim)
2. [UX](#UX)
3. [Design Choices](#Design)
4. [Wireframes](#Wireframes) 
    * [Desktop](#Desktop)
	* [Tablet](#Tablet)
	* [Mobile](#Mobile)
5. [Client Stories](#Client)
6. [Features](#Features)
7. [Future Goals](#Future)
8. [Technology Used](#Technology)
9. [Testing](#Testing)
	* [Issues and resolutions](#Issues)
10. [Deployment](#Deployment)
11. [Credits](#Credits)
12. [Content](#Content)
13. [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)
14. [Disclaimer](#Disclaimer)

---

## 1. Aim of the site <a name="Aim"></a>

Frankie's Recipe is a website to create an online cookbook dedicated to chef to find recipes where they can find, create, nodify and delete them, so they can be share with other chefs.

The website owner goals are to help the chef with recipes using a specific brand of a product, so the onwer can promote his/her products.

With the intuitive navigation buttons and navigation bar the users can search the the database and even expand it with their own recipes.

---

## 2. UX <a name="UX"></a>

* This is a website where the user can store and easyly access cooking recipes. The recipes will have fields such as description, ingredients, preparation method, cooking time and portions.

* The user can create new recipes, change any of the fields or even delete the recipe.

* The users can locate a recipe by searching from a specific field and get the result.

* The website will provide a visually appealing manner.

To achive this the website will have the following criteria:

1. The creation of a web application that allows users to store and easily access cooking recipes. Recipes would have the following fields : name, description, ingredients, portions, cooking time and preparation method.

2. The creation of the back-end code and front-end forms to allow users to add new recipes to the site, edit them and delete them.
3. The creation of the back-end and front-end functionality for users to lacate recipes based on the recipe's field.
4. To provide results in a manner that is visually appealling and user friendly.

---

## 3. Design Choices

### Fonts

- [**Dancing Script** ](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Dancing+Script?vfonly=true&query=danc) - I use this font as main headers as It remind me the hand writting of my chef friend writting me recipes.

- [**Raleway**](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Raleway?vfonly=true&query=rale) - I used this font as i makes a nice contrast with the hand writting making it look more of a professional cook book.

### Colours



---

## 4. Wireframes Mockups: <a name="Wireframes"></a>

### Desktop <a name="Desktop"></a>
![Desktop](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/desktop_home.png)

<br>

### Tablet <a name="Tablet"></a>
![Tablet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/mobile_ipad.png)
<br>

### Mobile <a name="Mobile"></a>
![Mobile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/mobile_home.png)
---
<a name="Client"></a>
## Client Stories

"A client want to find recipes using a specific ingredient."

"A client after trying a recipe from the site has decided to update the recipe method."

"A client wanted to add his/her own recipe to the online cookbook."

"A client after found a recipe decided the recipe no longer is usefull and permanent delete it from the online cookbook"

---
<a name="Features"></a>
## Features:

### - An user wants to find a recipe:
![Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/desktop_search_result.png)

![Search](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/recipe.png)

### - An user wants to create their own recipe:
![Create](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/create.png)

### - An user wants to either edit a recipe:
![Edit_icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/edit_icon.png)

![Edit](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/edit.png)

Or Delete the recipe:

![Delete](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Dhracko/frankies_kitchen/master/static/wireframes/delete.png)


<a name="Future"></a>
## Future Goals

A nice future feature to create is the selection of the ingredients of a recipe and added to a basket for shopping.

---
<a name="Technology"></a>
## Technology Used

* 
* 
* 
* 

---
<a name="Testing"></a>
## Testing
<a name="Issues"></a>
### Issues and resolutions

* Trying to use Materialize features casused a conflict with Bootstrap which result in the removal of Materialize.
* 
---
<a name="Deployment"></a>
## Deployment

---
<a name="Credits"></a>
## Credits
<a name="Content"></a>
### Content
* Images from Unsplash: 
    * Ryan Concepcion

<a name="Acknowledgements"></a>
### Acknowledgements
* I would like to thank Rohit Sharma (my mentor) for his invaluable feed back, help and advice.

<a name="Disclaimer"></a>
## Disclaimer
Please note the content and images on this website are for educational purposes only.
